While we're still on the topic of images I would like to talk about path in general.
The email now and this example going to look at the images and how the path is important for images
of war.
Please remember later on we're gonna be working with new pages meaning there's gonna be multiple pages
that we're going to be working with not just indexation.
Email will also going to have about as well as contact.
So the same will going to work with whenever we're working with email far more successful.
Now what I'm talking about.
So let's say for now again we have two images.
World is great.
We are good to go.
Our imagined site where you have 50 images and you have I don't know twenty five.
See as those files and then you have multiple jobs compiled.
Now what's gonna happen is you're going to have to start having some kind of structure having all the
files here in the folder is not going to make sense because there's gonna be really messy.
So the logical thing is gonna be setting up let's say images on the site.
So there's gonna be special folder with images and reality you're going to have images folder.
And then within the images folder you have another folder for let's say home page images and then about
images and you get the point.
Now in our case we're just going to start very simply we're going to create a new folder and let's say
image folder name is gonna be very simply image.
Now what I would like to do right now is remove these images because obviously that was the whole point.
Now I can move them one by one or I can just press on the second one as was the first one.
And in order to select them both you would need to hold the command key.
Now once we hold it notice I can just drag and drop them and now I'm dropping them off in the image
as fast as you can see Visual Studio coders saying Hey listen buddy are you sure this is what you would
like to do.
And I'm just gonna bravely say yep this is exactly what I would like to do.
And notice what happens.
I have the heading three.
So that's good.
I have the other having three and I don't have my images.
Now again the reason why I don't have the images because this path is correct only if the images are
sitting in the same folder are they sitting in the same folder.
Well now right now the images are in fact in the images folder.
So what we would need to do is again we can obviously added here the extra path more I'm just going
to delete this because this is just going to make a little bit more sense.
And can we do the same thing now we do the forwards now forward slash is going to go to where it's gonna
go to images folder and now we're looking for the specific image we would want.
So now case you Demi.
So again this is very important because you will gonna use this for your C assess where your javascript
images make sure that the path actually makes sense.
If it is in a separate folder you need to look in that folder and then you're gonna get an image.
Now let me fix this the same way and again like I said we can just had it here.
So let's say I added and images and sure enough once we do that again this is going to overwrite it
again let's look for the laptop and sure enough this is gonna be proper rendering option since now we
have a proper path.
So always always please remember to make sure that your path is correct.